docs: update url params (#775)
BoltzExchange/boltz-web-app: docs/urlParams.md

- German: `de`
- Spanish: `es`
- Chinese: `zh`

## Referral

> Members of our partner programm can set their referral id via `referral`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members of our partner program can set their referral id via `ref`.
```
